Professional Experience
38 Zeros							09/14 - Present
Software Engineer
Main developer responsible for feature implementation and maintenance of customer-facing Ruby on Rails application. Support sales and engineering team members as needed by onboarding new customers, troubleshooting customer hardware installations, and managing operations during relief rotations.

Notable projects and responsibilities:
Design and implement customer-facing and internal admin UI/UX and associated backend code.
Implement site-wide authentication and authorization strategy.
Design and implement public API.
Analyze support requests to identify process improvements and create tools to streamline support flow.
Create and maintain internal and public-facing product documentation.

Stack: Postgres, Cassandra, Ruby, Rails, Capybara/RSpec/FactoryGirl, ERB, Bootstrap, OpenWRT, C, Python, Go.

Portland Code School					12/13 - 09/14
Associate Director
Provide leadership for the overall strategic planning process and implement new programmatic and strategic initiatives.
Serve as a liaison to Portland Code School’s partner organizations and the community.
Ensure the continued financial viability of Portland Code School’s operational units.
Freelance Web Developer
Technical and design lead responsible for creating the comprehensive design, layout, and code for client websites using Middleman, Bootstrap, GitHub Pages, and Heroku.
Manage a core team and community collaborators to achieve client goals.
Teaching Assistant
Assists teaching introductory web development class and assist students in setting up and streamlining collaborative workflows and development environments.
Rentrak - Schedule Coordinator					12/12 - 3/14
JPMorgan Chase Bank - Lead Teller				05/10 - 11/12


Open Source Projects & Community Involvement

Calagator - Calendar event aggregator			06/14 - Present
Project maintainer
Contribute and review code, maintain documentation, triage issues and bugs, and organize contributor outreach events.

Women Who Hack						05/12 - Present
Co-Organizer
Coordinate and run user group for women interested in technology or hacking.
Increase social media presence and outreach resulting in increase in membership.

Conference Organizing

Open Source Bridge - Co-Chair 				2016
- Speaker/Volunteer 			2014 - 2015
			- Selection Committee Member	2014
Ruby on Ales	- Volunteer 					2014 - 2015
Cascadia Ruby - Volunteer 					2014 - 2015

Public Speaking

KQED Forum								2015
“The Rise of Coding Bootcamps”
Open Source Bridge							2014
“The Case for Junior Developers” [video]
Devsigner Con							2014
“The Coder as Artist: Painting with Pixels and Numbers”

Publications

	Model View Culture							2015
	“The Code School-Industrial Complex”
Education & Training

Portland Code School, Ruby on Rails				2013
University of Georgia, BFA, Ceramics				2009, Cum Laude
